docs(css): FF126 - Support for `shape()` function (#33446)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/basic-shape/path/index.md

---
title: path()
slug: Web/CSS/basic-shape/path
page-type: css-function
browser-compat: css.types.basic-shape.path
---

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`path()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions) accepts an SVG path string, and is used in [CSS Shapes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes) and CSS Motion Path to enable a shape to be drawn. The `path()` function is one of the {{cssxref("&lt;basic-shape&gt;")}} data types.

Author: - I've linked "SVG path" to "/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Element/path" instead

- Agree with the other comments. Updating with some adjustments:

_The **`path()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions) accepts an [SVG path](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Element/path) string, and is used in the [CSS shapes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes) and [CSS motion path](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_motion_path) modules to enable a shape to be drawn. The `path()` function is a {{cssxref("&lt;basic-shape&gt;")}} data type value. It can be used in the CSS [`offset-path`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path) and [`clip-path`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clip-path) properties and in the SVG [`d`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/d) attribute._

(somewhat similar to what we have in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/basic-shape/rect)

When used in {{cssxref("clip-path")}}:

```css
path( [<fill-rule>,]? <string> )
```

### Parameters

- [`<fill-rule>`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule) {{optional_inline}}

>   - : An optional value of [`nonzero`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#nonzero) (the default when omitted) or [`evenodd`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#evenodd), which specifies the filling rule.

Author: Nice! To make it more straightforward, updated as:

> - : An optional value of [`nonzero`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#nonzero) (the default when omitted) or [`evenodd`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#evenodd), which defines how the inside of the shape to be filled is determined.

>     > **Note:** `<fill-rule>` is not supported in the {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property.

Author: Going with:

 > **Note:** `<fill-rule>` is not supported and invalid in {{cssxref("offset-path")}} and using it invalidates the property.

>   - : An optional value of [`nonzero`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#nonzero) (the default when omitted) or [`evenodd`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/fill-rule#evenodd), which defines how the inside of the shape to be filled is determined.
>     > **Note:** `<fill-rule>` is not supported in {{cssxref("offset-path")}} and using it invalidates the property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines how the inside of the shape created by the path is to be filled. The values include:
  
      - `nonzero`: A point is considered inside the shape if a ray drawn from the point crosses more left-to-right than right-to-left path segments, resulting in a non-zero count. This is the default value when `<fill-rule>` is omitted.

    - `evenodd`: A point is considered to be inside the shape if a ray drawn from the point crosses an odd number of path segments. This means that for each time the ray enters the shape, it has not exited an equal number of times, indicating an odd count of entries without corresponding exits.
    
    > **Warning:** `<fill-rule>` is not supported in {{cssxref("offset-path")}} and using it invalidates the property.
```

Author: Fixed in https://pr33783.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/basic-shape/path#parameters
